Why is his phone ringing?
It's over.
I really shouldn't have carried my personal phone with me
It still rings at this time
Didn't this just hit the muzzle?
How is he?
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I'm because forget it
What's up
Oops, just got on the plane.
Hey, I'm sorry.
Snacks worked overtime
Why do you work overtime every day?
Don't we always want to work overtime?
Don't speak ill of my boss.
He is the best boss in the world
I started to say that you always have good things to say
Are you two related?
Hey what are you doing
I want to smell if you're manly.
Hey, there is no manly smell, there is a medicinal smell
Hey, what's the matter with you?
Have you been bullied?
Which bastard did it, I killed him
No need for you to do it
I've sent him in.
I am Hangjiang
Come out and meet
Let's talk about divorce